README.md, before:

## Hello! 🎈

I am a PhD candidate in Digital Transition for Heritage, focusing on Interaction Design and Semantic Web for Cultural Heritage. If you are interested, have a look at my projects in my repositories and in my [Master degree portfolio](https://github.com/ManueleVeggi/dhdkPortfolio)! 
<!--
<a href="https://github.com/ManueleVeggi/dhdkPortfolio"><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=ManueleVeggi&repo=dhdkPortfolio"/></a>
-->
<details>
    <summary><b>🛠️ My programming languages & tools</b></summary><br/>
  
  **Coding**
 
  <img height=50 src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original-wordmark.svg" /> <img height=50 src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/jupyter/jupyter-original-wordmark.svg" /> <img height=50 src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg" /> <img height=50 src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/rstudio/rstudio-original.svg" /> 
  
  **Web Technologies**
  
  <img height=50 src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" /> <img height=50 src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" /> <img height=50 src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" /> <img height=50 src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-plain-wordmark.svg" /> 
  
  **Game Engine**
  
  <img height=50 src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/unity/unity-original-wordmark.svg" />
  <img height=50 src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/unrealengine/unrealengine-original-wordmark.svg" />
          
    
</details>


### Contact

If you want, you can contact me at [manuele.veggi@uniroma1.it](mailto:manuele.veggi@uniroma1.it) 📬

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/manuele-veggi/) 
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/orcid-A6CE39?style=for-the-badge&logo=orcid&logoColor=white)](https://orcid.org/0000-0002-5958-2100)
<!-- [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google_Scholar-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-scholar&logoColor=white)](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=5bg-C28AAAAJ&hl=it) 
[![My Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/my_DHDK_projects-000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](<URL>)-->

Commit message:

Revise README with new project descriptions
Updated personal information and project details in README.

README.md, after:

## Hello! 🎈

I am a PhD candidate in Digital Transition for Heritage, focusing on Interaction Design, Digital Art History and Semantic Web for Cultural Heritage
<h3> My projects</h3>
<h4>Digital Heritage Applications and Services. Design, Development & Assessment</h4>

 - [**Sense of Care for Cultural Heritage**](https://github.com/cnr-ispc-dhilab-fi/chare) Conceptualisation of a design framework and development of services and assessment tools focused on how interactive applications can elicit visitors' sense of care towards cultural heritage. Main focus of the doctoral research (CNR ISPC, 2023 - *ongoing*)
 - [**checK. Cultural Heritage Experiments Configuration Kit**](https://github.com/cnr-ispc-dhilab-fi/checK) Design and development of a web application to run behavioural experiments in VR within 3D heritage environments (CNR ISPC, EPFL eM+, 2025 - *ongoing*, private repository)
 - [**Echoes of Loss**](https://perceive-horizon.eu/index.php/results/perceive-isis-colours/perceive-prototype-echoes-of-loss/) Design and assessment of the prototype *Echoes of Loss* in the exhibition *Perceive Isis' Colours* (CNR ISPC, 2024 - *ongoing*)
 - [**BrancacciPOV**](http://brancaccipov.cnr.it/) Collaborator in the design of the second version of *BrancacciPOV*, a collaborative VR virtual tour of the Brancacci Chapel (CNR ISPC, 2024 - *ongoing*)
 - [**CoDesign Tool. Collaborative Design of Heritage Experiences**](https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-032-13164-5_18) Collaborator in the redesign of the paper-based tool for design of heritage experiences (CNR ISPC, 2024 - *ongoing*)
   
<h4>Digital Art History</h4>

  - [**Catalogue of Renaissance Terracotta**](https://www.c-re-te.it/) Front-end developer of the technical infrastructure of the web Catalogue of Renaissance Terracotta (C.Re.Te., 2024-2025)
  - [**Reconstruction of the Brancacci Chapel in the Semantic Web**](https://github.com/cnr-ispc-dhilab-fi/branco) Development of an ontology to streamline reconstruction data management of the Brancacci Chapel (CNR ISPC, 2024)
  - [**Art Market Ontology**](https://github.com/fondazerimv/zamo) Development of an ontology describing the art market (Fondazione Federico Zeri / Collegio Superiore - University of Bologna, 2023)

<h4>University Projects</h4>

  - [**Master Degree Portfolio**](https://github.com/ManueleVeggi/dhdkPortfolio) more than fifteen university projects during the MA in Digital Humanities and Digital Knowledge (University of Bologna, 2021-2023). Key focus on semantic web technologies, interactive applications deployment in Unity and Unreal 5, information visualisation, and digital editions.          
<details>
    <summary><b>🛠️ My programming languages & tools</b></summary><br/>
  
  **Coding**
 
  <img height=50 src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original-wordmark.svg" /> <img height=50 src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/jupyter/jupyter-original-wordmark.svg" /> <img height=50 src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg" /> <img height=50 src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/rstudio/rstudio-original.svg" /> 
  
  **Web Technologies**
  
  <img height=50 src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" /> <img height=50 src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" /> <img height=50 src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" /> <img height=50 src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-plain-wordmark.svg" /> 
  
  **Game Engine**
  
  <img height=50 src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/unity/unity-original-wordmark.svg" />
  <img height=50 src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/unrealengine/unrealengine-original-wordmark.svg" />
          
    
</details>


### Contact

Contact me at [manuele.veggi@uniroma1.it](mailto:manuele.veggi@uniroma1.it) 📬

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/manuele-veggi/) 
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/orcid-A6CE39?style=for-the-badge&logo=orcid&logoColor=white)](https://orcid.org/0000-0002-5958-2100)
<!-- [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google_Scholar-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-scholar&logoColor=white)](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=5bg-C28AAAAJ&hl=it) 
[![My Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/my_DHDK_projects-000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](<URL>)-->
